The young Padawan Dooku had recently been appointed to Jedi Thame Cerulian.
Darth Sidious kills his Sith Master Darth Plagueis.
The two factions, the Melida and the Daan, are slowing killing each other.
He will become a great Jedi Knight.
Two neighboring planets, Rutan and Senali, had a long history of war.
They are following a trail left behind by another Jedi, Rana.
She shares a powerful friendship with Qui-Gon Jinn.
One person holds the key to the downfall of a powerful criminal syndicate.
Professor Murk Lundi was a historian who had an interest in the Sith.
Darth Maul is dispatched by Darth Sidious to the prison colony of Cog Hive Seven in order to find the mysterious weapons merchant known as Iram Radique.
The reader's character, either a Jedi or an ally of the Jedi, is part of a Jedi task force sent to the planet of Corulag to rescue a Force-sensitive infant, Teela Panjarra, from a scientist who has kidnapped her in order to study the Force.
Cloak of Deception is told in four parts.
His second-in-command Hath Monchar, the Deputy Viceroy of the Federation, has gone missing.
Twelve year old Anakin Skywalker was planning on participating in an illegal race in the garbage tunnels under Coruscant.
Five years after the Battle of Naboo, a smuggler's freighter, the Bargain Hunter is fleeing trouble with its crew of three.
Evil scientist Jenna Zan Arbor is hiding on Romin.
World stays in the Galactic Republic.
Boba Fett starts out on Kamino, the rainy world in the Outer Rim.
Aurra Sing is bringing Boba and Slave I to Aargau.
Anakin Skywalker, in the Jedi Temple, receives a call from his Master Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Bane meets Asajj Ventress on Bogg 5, a moon in Bogden system.
In 22 BBY Mace Windu's former Padawan and fellow Jedi Master Depa Billaba has been sent to Haruun Kal to start a revolution against the Separatist-allied government two months after the Battle of Geonosis, which started the Clone Wars.
Jedi Padawan Barriss Offee is sent by the Republic to the planet Drongar, home to the rare plant Bota, important because of its high medicinal value.
The Grand Master of the Jedi Order, Yoda, received a message from his former Padawan, Count Dooku.
After working for Jabba for a few years, Boba had made a name for himself becoming Jabba's favorite bounty hunter.
Fett lies on the ground, paralyzed by a toxin used to escape a near death experience against General Grievous.
Darman and his brother Niner, who has healed from his spinal injury on the night of Order 66, are now under the rule of Darth Vader's 501st Legion.
Ferus was born.
Ferus Olin returns to Coruscant with his street kid partner, Trever Flume.
In 19 BBY on Naboo, Gregar Typho, who was once the late Padme Amidala's bodyguard, is visiting her grave.
Meanwhile, Trever Flume heads back to the asteroid base.
Trevor is in the Imperial Navy Academy on Coruscant to save Lune and is having a tough time adjusting.
He learns that it's Leia, Bail Organa's daughter.
Ferus Olin has found out.
Jax Pavan, Den Dhur, I-5YQ, Dejah Duare and Haninum Tyk Rhinann are assisting Pol Haus with his investigation into the murder of a Toydarian spice dealer.
Yimmon will be safe from the attacks that have taken place on Coruscant.
Han Solo has spent nearly all of his nineteen years aboard the Trader's Luck, a pirate vessel commanded by the barbaric Garris Shrike.
Not long after winning the Millennium Falcon, Lando Calrissian visits the Oseon system in the Centrality.
His droid companion, Vuffi Raa, ended their adventures in the Oseon system.
Once again the smuggler duo are teamed with the elderly labor droid, BLX-5, and the computer probe, Blue Max.
Han Solo won the Millennium Falcon from Lando Calrissian in an intense sabacc tournament on Bespin.
Over the planet Delrakkin, Admiral Termo awaits a transmission from Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin in the Yavin system.
HIMS Liquidator lies in wait over Delrakkin for the arrival of the Death Star I.
Over the planet Delrakkin, in the Star Destroyer Liquidator, Admiral Termo watches a holotape recorded by Grand Moff Tarkin before his untimely death.
Darth Vader arrives on Imperial Center in a Carrack-class light cruiser following the Battle of Yavin.
The Rebels, in Kar Lamoran's Stellar Manx, approach the rendezvous on Bonadan, disguised as Imperials.
The Stellar Manx has been taken by Imperial forces.
But even he can't do this job solo.
Believing, civilians were ordered executed by the Reprisal's command staff.
The Victory I-class Star Destroyer Decimator enters the Kleeva system, awaiting the delivery of a new shipment of droids from Boonda the Hutt.
The Star Destroyer Decimator approaches Tatooine, carrying 12-4C-41's Droid Army.
The Star Destroyer Decimator heads through hyperspace on a course for Vactooine.
On Tatooine, Jabba the Hutt inspects the drone barge recently delivered to him.
He had left them behind.
Han Solo is ambushed by several bounty hunters.
In Mos Eisley, Han Solo interrogates a Kubaz as to the location of Grubba, the nephew of Jabba the Hutt.
Captain Han Solo, in the Millennium Falcon approaches Ithor, hoping to reclaim possession of Grubba the Hutt.
The Punishing One enters the Thanos system.
The Empire get their hands on it.
C-3PO encounters the ancient droid B-1D4, an expert in gender relations.
The Millennium Falcon, set on a course for Dweem, is diverted, thanks to the machinations of B-1D4.
They have been infected by The Heart of Steel.
The bounty hunters guild still existed.
After the Battle of Endor, an Imperial drone arrives at the site of the Second Death Star.
After the destruction of the second Death Star and the death of the Emperor, the Empire is left without a true leader.
After an attempted assassination by the Empire trying to blow up Luke's X-wing fighter, he has a vision of Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Order to help Ken become accustomed to the world outside of the Lost City of the Jedi.
Wedge Antilles has gathered together a group of pilots to choose from to recreate the legendary Rogue Squadron, as a dual X-wing and commando squadron.
After Wraith Squadron's first successful mission against Admiral Trigit, the squadron is transferred back to Coruscant.
Wraith Squadron is once again tasked with destroying Warlord Zsinj.
The large crowd gathered below leaves little privacy and solitude for them.
Lumpawarrump catches a burglar stealing a datapad from Han and Leia Solo.
Within Killik Twilight lies a communications device that acts as a link between the New Republic and their spies acting as undercover agents all around the dying Galactic Empire.
The New Republic holds a fragile control of the galaxy.
Grand Admiral Thrawn put the next stage of his plan to destroy the New Republic in action.
A few days after his destruction of the Cauldron Nebula, under the influence of Exar Kun, Kyp Durron flew the Sun Crusher to determine the fate of his brother, Zeth, at the Imperial Academy.
Following a first-person narrative from the point of view of Corran Horn, I, Jedi starts out in 11 ABY, not long after the end of the Thrawn campaign and Operation Shadow Hand.
During the peak of the Galactic Empire's power, an automated Dreadnaught, the Eye of Palpatine, was sent on a mission to destroy a stronghold of Jedi children on the planet Belsavis.
Some of the remaining Imperial warlords bicker over the Empire's remaining forces in the region.
The son's test is interrupted by news of Han Solo's capture by the Yevetha.
The Dark Jedi Kueller sets in motion a plan to bring down the New Republic and the new generation of Jedi.
The Corellian system consists of a group of habitable planets known as the Five Brothers.
The motive for his murder remains shrouded in mystery.
Anakin Solo is now eleven -- and headed for the Jedi academy.
She came to be with the Sand people.
Anakin Solo has been having terrible dreams of a secret cave on Dagobah.
Anakin Solo, Tahiri Veila, Ikrit, Uldir Lochett and Tionne have just learned an incredible secret.
However, despite his optimism, he lacked obvious Force sensitivity.
There is a meeting between Talon Karrde and Luke and Mara Jade Skywalker.
The alien Yuuzhan Vong have appeared throughout the Outer Rim, attacking different sectors mercilessly.
Yuuzhan Vong Commander Shedao Shai's underling, Deign Lian, seems to be quite weak for a Yuuzhan Vong.
Taking place loses her astromech droid Sparky in the conflict and is forced to go EV.
Wedge Antilles, in command of Fleet Group Three, withdraws from the debacle at Coruscant to the Yuuzhan Vong-held Borleias, intent on re-taking the planet.
It has been completely destroyed without a single survivor by the Yuuzhan Vong.
Nom Anor is disguised as Yu'shaa the Prophet on Yuuzhantar, perfecting his praise of the Shamed Ones' heresy against Supreme Overlord Shimrra during each of his appearances.
The heresy Nom Anor organized is becoming a threat to the Yuuzhan Vong way of life on Yuuzha.
On Yuuzhantar, Nom Anor's underground Jedi heresy cult is steadily losing faith in him.
The Chiss launch a bomb on the planet that doesn't go off.
A mysterious man in his dreams doesn't exist to his wife Mara.
He had gone missing.
She can always rely on her brother as an ally.
In the year 5000 BBY, a newly Jedi-turned-Sith, Saes Rrogon, is mining Lignan in the Phaegon system, completely demolishing Phaegon III's moon to do it.
His friends, Khedryn Faal and Marr Idi-Shael, are.
The galaxy is still steadily recovering from the fallen Darth Caedus's brief but brutal reign as Chief of State of the Galactic Alliance.
Sith Meditation Sphere called Ship instead of destroying Alema Rar, the Home, and the Millennium Falcon.
They are suffering.
Luke and Ben Skywalker narrowly survive an attack by a Sith assassination squad.
Or not they should accept Abeloth's offer of an alliance to destroy Luke Skywalker and the Jedi Order.
On Coruscant, the Jedi begin their secret invasion of the planet.
Imperial Admiral Kosh Teradoc meets up with a Captain Hachat for a priceless work of art.
The Republic commandos now wear the white armor of the stormtroopers in service to the Galactic Empire.
On the planet Lothal, an oppression has fallen over the residents of Capital City, at the hands of the Empire.
They can find some money they will be out of business.
The Ghost is being pursued by some Imperial TIE Fighters.
On Lothal, Sabine is sent into a TIE Fighter depot, in an attempt to make a diversion for the Ghost.
In Capital City on Lothal, Garazeb Zeb Orrelios was rendezvousing with his rebel partner Kanan Jarrus.
Ezra Bridger noticed a dogfight between the rebel starship the Ghost, and an Imperial TIE Fighter.
Kanan struggles with training Ezra, since the falling of the Jedi Order.
It was Empire Day, celebrating the fifteenth anniversary of when the Galactic Empire came to power.
He had tapped into the dark side of the Force.
Grand Moff Tarkin, governor of the Outer Rim, arrived on Lothal.
The Imperials continued their search for the Rebels.
After reinforcements arrived for the Imperials.
Everyone was discussing their next move.
On the planet Garel, Ezra was doing blaster training with Rex, using Chopper as a target while holding up a Stormtrooper's helmet.
So far, Ezra reported nothing out of the ordinary.
Departing the planet Chandel, an Imperial Star Destroyer captured a passenger ship.
In his sleep, Ezra had a dream of visions.
In contact with Hera Syndulla, the news about Ezra's parents had left the rest of the crew feeling sorry for Ezra.
The Rebellion was suffering a fuel crisis.
Following an escape from Imperial forces with one casualty, the Rebels had an issue.
The Rebels had been sent on a mission to investigate Imperial construction module orbiting Geonosis.
Was becoming a problem that could endanger the Rebellion.
There were no sign of the Empire.
The Rebellion had finally established a base on the planet Atollon.
It was severely damage as if it had been attacked.
The Rebels mysteriously lost all communication with the Protectors in Concord Dawn System.
On Atollon, the Rebels were going through preparations for their attack on the Imperial Factory on Lothal.
The Empire had dispatched a series of probe ships across the galaxy to track down the Rebel's base of operations.
Fenn Rau had been called by Kanan for a private discussion.
The stronghold of Sabine's Clan was.
It could escape.
They arrived at Killun Station on Killun-71.
Lost on the desert world of Tatooine, Maul was searching for Obi-Wan Kenobi.
The flight test for the new TIE Defender would be.
Governor Pryce's forces had recovered the crashed TIE Defender.
At dusk, a business man, George Usher, walks onto a street in Baltimore, Maryland and strolls to his car, unknowingly watched by a pair of menacing yellow eyes from within a storm drain.
At night - in Campsite 53, beside Lake Okobogee - a family consisting of a teenage girl, a younger boy and their mother are sleeping, with the two youngsters outside in sleeping bags and their mother in the top bunk of a nearby RV.
They experience a flat tire.
Two terrorists are found dead in a back alley of Philadelphia after robbing a woman, Lauren Kyte, at an ATM.
In the Virginia headquarters of the software company Eurisko Corporation, an argument between company founder Brad Wilczek and CEO Benjamin Drake ensues.
An isolated research station, with a dimly lit window, endures a harsh snowstorm.
A distinguished older man leaves his house for the day, saying goodbye to his wife and his many groundskeepers.
Shortly after Christmas, Dana Scully's parents, Margaret and William Scully, are visiting her, having come to her apartment for dinner.
In a dance club, a young man is picked up by a young woman for an anonymous sexual encounter.
FBI Special Agent Dana Scully assists a former colleague, Jack Willis, in apprehending a pair of bank robbers, Warren James Dupre and Lula Phillips.
An EMT carries out a burnt dead man on a stretcher.
New York Detective Rudy Barbala is thrown through a second story window to his death.
At the Mahan Washington Institute of Technology, in Colson, Washington, mentally handicapped janitor Roland Fuller is being scolded by research scientist Dr Keats for forgetting.
In Ardis, Maryland, a high-speed police chase unfolds at a waterfront.
Fox Mulder narrates the mission of the NASA Voyager satellite and the High-Resolution Microwave Survey, now discontinued.
They run by him into a mail sorting machine.
A pregnant police detective in Aubrey, Missouri, has frightening visions.
In Minneapolis, Minnesota, a funeral is held for a young woman, Jennifer.
Mulder is being frantically wheeled into a hospital in a state of severe hypothermia and panicking doctors.
The ground shakes violently.
A naval ship evacuation is taking place in the Norwegian Sea.
In the town of Gibsonton, Florida, two brothers are playing in their home outdoor swimming pool one night.
The Holveys are spending their day at Lincoln Park.
In the rain forest of Costa Rica, entomologist Robert Torrance stumbles upon a decomposing boar carcass covered with dark purple pustules.
Scully feels.
At a Navajo reservation in New Mexico, a teenage boy comes across a small patch of a silver structure buried in the ground.
Continued from The Blessing Way Dana Scully and Walter Skinner hold each other at gunpoint.
In a liquor store, an elderly man, Clyde Bruckman, is reading predictions made by the Stupendous Yappi in a newspaper article, skeptically criticizing each one.
Napoleon Neech Manley, a death row inmate at a Leon County, Florida prison, is brought to the electric chair.
She met online three months earlier.
Carl Wade takes a photograph of 15 year-old Amy Jacobs during school picture day.
At the Hansen's Disease Research Facility soldiers arrive and round up a group of deformed patients.
In Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, a priest is giving a sermon about the importance of faith in an increasingly cynical world.
An exterminator in a basement lectures about the cockroach.
In Comity, New Hampshire, a group of high school students hold a eulogy for their dead friend, the purported victim of a local Satanic cult.
In an art class, a nude male model is being sketched.
Crew thinks is the remains of a plane from a lost squadron from World War II.
In a supermarket, a man is seen going through the aisles.
On an archeological dig in the Ecuadorian highlands, there is an argument between Dr Bilac and Dr Roosevelt over the removal of a native-American burial urn, called an Amaru.
Amid a hectic Chinese street festival at night, a young Chinese man, Johnny Lo, warily flees through San Francisco's Chinatown.
Skinner is debating.
Dr Bailey's body disappears at the edge of a large lake.
At a fast food restaurant a man pulls out a gun, taking everyone inside hostage.
In a rural part of Alberta, Canada, a telecommunications technician gets stung by a bee.
Mulder might go into catatonic schizophrenia without his cell phone.
Everyone wants to be beautiful.
Krycek, the shadowy agent he was captured alongside, is in fact a double agent working for the Russians.
Mulder experiences a series of vivid dreams that lead him to the discovery of the long-buried skeleton of a murdered child.
His brother, Soledad, watches jealously.
She holds.
At the National Mall, Major General Benjamin Bloch gives a speech to a crowd of Vietnam War veterans.
A wounded Garrett escapes from the Headless Woman Pub.
They walk down a city street.
A pregnant woman admits.
Angie Pintero, the working-class owner of a bowling alley, tells one of his employees, a mentally-disturbed, compulsive man named Harold Spuller, to go home for the evening.
If some terrible tragedy has entered their home.
A group of detectives and forensic technicians are waiting.
Later that day, two fire engines from the County Fire Department arrive at the scene.
A distraught Fox Mulder sits in his apartment.
In 1989 in a warehouse in Baltimore, a group of SWAT agents head in, finding a naked Fox Mulder in a box, shouting.
In a rural Indiana neighborhood, Shaineh Berkowitz watches a daytime talk show on television.
The patient slowly pushes a big plastic wheel across the floor.
In Amma Beach, Maine, five-year-old Polly Turner accompanies her mother, Melissa Turner, to the grocery market.
Several heavily-armed crack dealers receive.
We see a teenage boy running through the woods, late at night, screaming Help me.
A UFO disappears behind a mountain top.
Blackened bodies lie along the length of a bridge.
Marty Glenn, a twenty-something woman, moves about her apartment.
Gary Lambert works as a vinyl siding telemarketer in Oak Brook, Illinois.
An audience sits in reverential silence.
Sandy, a man in the vehicle, is obviously not feeling well.
They're doing scut work in Idaho.
Floating in the sea is the wreckage of a small sailing vessel.
Morris Fletcher narrates Mulder's life.
Fontaine had put their engagement news in the paper.
Assistant Director Skinner is unwell and horribly discolored in hospital.
All the people appear to be gray.
Agent Fox Mulder kill her.
As tentacles ensnare them.
Scully tends to him.
On a freighter in the South Pacific two Chinese men are inspecting a crate with an animal inside.
In a high stakes poker game, Byers of the Lone Gunmen is thrown out after being exposed as a fraud at a government convention.
Wallace and Angela Schiff returning home after a day out hiking in the fields of North Carolina.
On the coast of Cote Ivoire, Scully sits in her tent studying detailed photographs of the spacecraft half-buried on the beach nearby.
Teena Mulder and The Smoking Man visit Mulder, who is paralyzed in a hospital.
Donald Edward Pankow's body is discovered with the brain removed from the skull in Costa Mesa.
As Mulder believed would happen.
A man wins $ 100,000 playing poker against a mobster named Joe Cutrona.
A magician, The Amazing Maleeni, twists his head completely around at a carnival.
The computerized voice counts them down.
Doggett explains to Alvin Kersh about Mulder's body.
They smell like embalming fluid.
The elementary school is hosting a fair.
Agent Angus Stedman knocks on his window.
He sits down on the bed.
A suspected robber appears.
Agent Scully goes into work and encounters Duffy Haskell and Agent John Doggett down in the X-Files offices.
Richie Szalay pursues a bright light in his car.
He is fired.
Sprays venom on his victims while his son, Gary, microwaves dinner.
Her mother invites Lizzy to help Scully.
In a conference room at Our Lady of Sorrows Hospital, Doctor Dana Scully, surrounded and watched by other members of the Catholic hospital's staff, discusses Christian Fearon, a boy patient at the hospital, during a televised conference with an On Screen Doctor.
Carl Wormus, an EPA official picks up a beautiful woman, Shannon McMahon, in a Baltimore bar.
Monica Reyes is unpacking in her new apartment.
A group of teenagers are filming one of their friends, Captain Dare, doing stunts for their cable TV show, Dumbass.
Josepho stands above the strange aperture at the top of the spacecraft newly uncovered by the excavation of the cult members.
Agent Monica Reyes drops off Agent John Doggett at his house in Falls Church, Virginia.
Robert Fassl sits in his Triboro Cable van.
He hears scratching noises on the window.
Her husband chides her about all this unnecessary cleaning.
Doggett found in the wall last night.
A group of government visitors arrive at the Military installation Mount Weather, disembarking from a helicopter to be escorted via bus into the facility.
A doctor approaches a downed UFO.
A dead body is found with its throat ripped open in the woods outside Shawan, Oregon.
Terrorists bomb an art gallery in Texas.
